logs/log24.md, before:

# 17 June 2017

## Overview

We had out first exhibition in the iLab. I also began planning ways of distributing Impossible Courage, and talking to potential organizations that could use this.

## Development

Began creating full bug/feature list and started planning a few more interesting features. Omar is working on potentially creating/populating levels procedurally from a library of objects (based on notes within a framework, written by Claire). Connor is taking a look at underwater scenes and volumetric materials (for better clouds/storms).

## Exhibit

Set up in iLab

Meeting and talking with Katherine, did "exhibit" work for iLab at SxSW

Contacted exhibit designer at Civil War Museum

## Business

Basically, there are two goals I need to reach by the end of iLab. *First,* we need to have a polished and impactful product, Impossible Courage, that can be used as a basis for a Kickstarter Campaign. *Second,* we need to have talked to enough potential users to know our product is needed (i.e. United Nations, MSF, IRC, Newseum, UVA Library, and other non-profits, museums, and educational institutions).

## Outreach

Met with Brendan, potential Mentor

Reached out to Kevin of Contraline, could help find funding

Commit message:

Updated Weekly Dev Logs
This is going to be a frequent commit, so I'll just describe it once now. Every week, I'm going to add a log to the development logs. This is week 25.

logs/log24.md, after:

# 17 June 2017

## Overview

We had out first exhibition in the iLab. I also began planning ways of distributing Impossible Courage, and talking to potential organizations that could use this. We also made some big progress on the development side, finally got organized in terms of bugs/enhancements/features we want to add.

## Development

We finished a full bug/feature list. It's all available at our repository on GitHub, we're using the extremely handy issues feature. We've divided issues into three main categories: bugs (small things we have to fix ASAP), enhancements (polish we need to add on existing features), and features (new functionality the experience could use). We set a milestone to reach v0.1.0 before the next pitch/demo on June 26th.

We also started planning a few more interesting features. Omar is working on potentially creating/populating levels procedurally from a library of objects (based on notes within a framework, written by Claire). Connor is taking a look at underwater scenes and volumetric materials (for better clouds/storms).

## Exhibit

I set up the exhibit in the iLab, it took some hauling in my Jeep but it's there. Also my Jeep won't start anymore, and it's really breaking my heart. But that's not a story for here. Reception to the exhibit has been great and I did some initial testing. I've gotten a lot of feedback, but most of it is stuff I've already heard. Add sound (already planned), add more context (also planned), etc. It was fun to see people taking pictures of the panels, got some selfie potential there.

I also met and talked with Katherine, who did the shipping for the "exhibit" iLab had at SxSW. She shared some really cool insights with me, including the fact that FedEx will allow shipping in your own packaging, to buy shipping insurance, and also to talk to art galleries because the ship paintings about the size of my panels.

## Business

Basically, there are two goals I need to reach by the end of iLab. *First,* we need to have a polished and impactful product, Impossible Courage, that can be used as a basis for a Kickstarter Campaign. *Second,* we need to have talked to enough potential users to know our product is needed (i.e. United Nations, MSF, IRC, Newseum, UVA Library, and other non-profits, museums, and educational institutions).

## Outreach

I me with Brendan, a potential mentor. He's not a fan of the grayscale, ambiguous style and says I need to do more to engender empathy. He also helped me focus, saying for now just focus on figuring out who the customers are and polishing Impossible Courage.

Brig helped me set up a meeting with Mike Caires, who works at the American Civil War Museum. He is an awesome resource, and is helping me get in the room with some executives at his museum over in Richmond. I'm heading down there on June 26th with a Vive and some panels and seeing what I can get. He also mentioned a cool project for the exhibit he's working on now...could be a potential contract for our next project.

I reached out to Kevin of Contraline, he could help find funding. I'm not entirely sure how he'll help, but it's definitely a privilege to be able to talk to him and have him look at my work. If nothing else, he'll be a good critic. I'm meeting with him Tuesday morning next week.
